<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ai_assistant_and_integrations">
    <title>AI Assistant and Integrations</title>
    <shortdesc>This section answers questions about the metR's AI assistant and
        integrations.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Yashshree</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2026-01-29+05:30"/>
            <revised modified="2026-01-29"/>
        </critdates>
        <metadata>
            <audience type="role" otherprops="technical-writers,content-architects,documentation-managers,product-teams,engineering-teams,enterprise-leaders"/>
            
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>what-is-metr-ai-assistant</indexterm>
                <indexterm>how-does-metr-support-ai-initiatives</indexterm>
                <indexterm>why-does-structured-content-matter-for-ai</indexterm>
                <indexterm>what-integrates-metr-ai-assistant-with-our-cms</indexterm>
                <indexterm>does-metr-integrate-with-other-content-management-systems-or-tools</indexterm>
            </keywords>
            
            <prodinfo>
                <prodname>metR</prodname>
                <platform>web</platform>
                <component>docmigrate</component>
                <component>doceditor</component>
                <component>docmanager</component>
                <component>docpublisher</component>
                <component>ai-rag</component>
                <component>ai-retrieval</component>
                <component>ai-chatbot</component>  
                <component>content-analytics</component>
                <component>ai-analytics</component>
                <component>portal</component>
                <component>content-delivery-platform</component>
            </prodinfo>
            
            <othermeta name="title" content="AI Assistant and Integrations"/>
            <othermeta name="shortdesc" content="Answers questions about the metR AI assistant and how it integrates with external systems and workflows."/>
            <othermeta name="language" content="en-GB"/>
            <othermeta name="version" content="1.0.0"/>
            <othermeta name="docStage" content="approved"/>
            <othermeta name="access.role" content="public"/>
            <othermeta name="data.classification" content="non-sensitive"/>
            <othermeta name="retention.policy" content="standard-36m"/>
            <othermeta name="entities" content="metR;ai-assistant;integrations"/>
            <othermeta name="taxonomy" content="domain:ai-capabilities;usecase:assistant-integration;industry:enterprise-software"/>
            <othermeta name="tags" content="ai,assistant,integrations,automation,metr"/>
            <othermeta name="usecase" content="ai-assistant-and-integrations-faqs"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_e4b_hlk_whc">
            <title>What is metR AI Assistant?</title>
            <p><b>The metR AI Assistant helps you quickly find and understand information across
                    your content.</b></p>
            <p> Instead of showing long documents or search results, it provides clear answers
                generated directly from published structured content available in metR. Because
                responses are generated from structured, governed content and retrieved using
                semantic relationships, the AI Assistant provides more precise and relevant answers,
                reducing the need for manual searching.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_kbz_r1q_yhc">
            <title>How does metR support AI initiatives?</title>
            <p><b>metR prepares your content so AI can use it accurately, safely, and
                    explainably.</b></p>
            <p> By converting documents into structured topics with rich metadata and semantic
                relationships, metR creates a foundation that AI systems can reliably retrieve
                from.</p>
            <p>This enables high-quality search, RAG pipelines, and knowledge graphs without costly
                rework or post-processing.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_tnw_s1q_yhc">
            <title>Why does “structured content” matter for AI?</title>
            <p><b>AI performs best when information is explicit, connected, and governed.</b></p>
            <p> Unstructured documents force AI to guess; structured content gives it context,
                boundaries, and meaning.</p>
            <p>metR ensures your content is machine-understandable while remaining
                human-readable—reducing hallucinations and increasing trust in AI-generated
                answers.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_rkm_l42_whc">
            <title>What integrates metR AI Assistant with our CMS?</title>
            <p><b>The integration between the metR AI Assistant and your CMS is enabled through
                    published structured content from your existing CMS or delivery systems such as
                    Strapi.</b></p>
            <p> metR AI Assistant connects to this published content without requiring changes to
                how content is authored or managed.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_yjp_m42_whc">
            <title>Does metR integrate with other content management systems or tools?</title>
            <p><b>Yes. metR integrates with GitHub for version control, Strapi and Docusaurus for
                    publishing, and CI/CD systems via webhooks.</b></p>
            <p>Existing XML editors and pipelines can continue to be used.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
