<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="content_preparation_quality_checks">
    <title>Content Preparation &amp; Quality Checks</title>
    <shortdesc>This section answers questions about the metR's content preparation &amp; quality
        checks.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Yashshree</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2026-01-29+05:30"/>
            <revised modified="2026-01-29"/>
        </critdates>
        <metadata>
            <audience type="role" otherprops="technical-writers,content-architects,documentation-managers,product-teams,engineering-teams,enterprise-leaders"/>
            
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>do-the-documents-need-to-be-cleaned-up-before-conversion</indexterm>
                <indexterm>what-common-pre-flight-check-errors-can-be-detected-while-migrating-my-document</indexterm>
                <indexterm>what-common-post-flight-check-errors-can-be-detected-while-migrating-my-document</indexterm>
                <indexterm>should-my-images-be-in-a-specific-format-such-as-png-jpg-etc-to-optimize-conversion</indexterm>
            </keywords>
            
            <prodinfo>
                <prodname>metR</prodname>
                <platform>web</platform>
                <component>docmigrate</component>
                <component>doceditor</component>
                <component>docmanager</component>
                <component>docpublisher</component>
                <component>ai-rag</component>
                <component>ai-retrieval</component>
                <component>ai-chatbot</component>  
                <component>content-analytics</component>
                <component>ai-analytics</component>
                <component>portal</component>
                <component>content-delivery-platform</component>
            </prodinfo>
            
            <othermeta name="title" content="Content Preparation and Quality Checks"/>
            <othermeta name="shortdesc" content="Answers questions about preparing content and validating quality before document conversion in metR."/>
            <othermeta name="language" content="en-GB"/>
            <othermeta name="version" content="1.0.0"/>
            <othermeta name="docStage" content="approved"/>
            <othermeta name="access.role" content="public"/>
            <othermeta name="data.classification" content="non-sensitive"/>
            <othermeta name="retention.policy" content="standard-36m"/>
            <othermeta name="entities" content="metR;content-preparation;quality-checks"/>
            <othermeta name="taxonomy" content="domain:content-readiness;usecase:quality-validation;industry:enterprise-software"/>
            <othermeta name="tags" content="content-preparation,quality,validation,docops,metr"/>
            <othermeta name="usecase" content="content-preparation-and-quality-checks-faqs"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_x22_ptk_whc">
            <title>Do the documents need to be cleaned up before conversion?</title>
            <p><b>Yes. metR requires documents be fully cleaned up before conversion in accordance
                    with the documentation coversion policy.</b>
            </p>
            <p>metR is designed to process content with varying levels of structure and consistency
                by applying structure and ontology driven conversion. However, the documents
                indicate that review, validation, and governance steps may be applied as part of the
                conversion workflow, and source quality can influence conversion outcomes.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_r2g_5tk_whc">
            <title>What common pre-flight check errors can be detected while migrating my document? </title>
            <p>metR can detect issues such as missing headings, inconsistent structure, unsupported
                formatting, duplicate content, and incomplete metadata. These checks help identify
                problems early so they can be corrected before conversion, improving accuracy and
                consistency in the final DITA output. </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_aks_xtk_whc">
            <title>What common post-flight check errors can be detected while migrating my document? </title>
            <p>Post-flight checks can identify issues such as incorrect topic structure, broken
                references, missing or invalid metadata, formatting mismatches, and content that did
                not map correctly to DITA elements. These checks help ensure the converted content
                is accurate, consistent, and ready for reuse or publishing. </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ajd_ztk_whc">
            <title>Should my images be in a specific format such as .PNG, .JPG, etc. to optimize
                conversion? </title>
            <p><b>No. metR can process common image formats such as PNG and JPG without special
                    preparation.</b></p>
            <p>Using standard, well-supported formats helps ensure images are preserved correctly,
                but no specific image cleanup or conversion is required before processing. </p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
