<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="dita_authoring_review_and_governance"
    audience="technical-writers,content-architects,documentation-managers,product-teams,engineering-teams,enterprise-leaders"
    product="metR" rev="1.0" status="new" xml:lang="en-US">
    <title>DITA Authoring, Review and Governance </title>
    <shortdesc>This section answers questions about the metR's authoring and review
        process.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Yashshree</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2026-01-29+05:30"/>
            <revised modified="2026-01-29"/>
        </critdates>
        <metadata>
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>what-kind-of-training-will-our-writing-team-need-to-adopt-dita-authoring</indexterm>
                <indexterm>how-is-the-content-review-process-handled-after-conversion-to-dita</indexterm>
                <indexterm>can-users-customize-the-output-dita-structure-to-match-their-organizations-standards</indexterm>
            </keywords>
        </metadata>
        <metadata>
            <prodinfo>
                <prodname><keyword keyref="product_name"/></prodname>
                <component>metR-AI</component>
                <component>metR-portal</component>
            </prodinfo>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_flt_tlg_xhc">
            <title> What kind of training will our writing team need to adopt DITA
                authoring?</title>
            <p>Most teams require <b>lightweight DITA enablement</b>, not deep XML training. Writers
                can start by reviewing converted DITA topics, making guided edits in metR’s
                DocEditor, and gradually learning core DITA concepts such as topic types (concept,
                task, reference), reuse, and metadata. Advanced XML editors like oXygen are optional
                and recommended only for teams doing heavy customization or complex authoring. </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_g14_1mg_xhc">
            <title>How is the content review process handled after conversion to DITA?</title>
            <p>metR enables post-conversion review using Git-light governance and block-level diffs,
                making changes easy to review and approve. By combining these tools with defined
                review and approval workflows, teams can maintain clear traceability of content
                changes to support audit and compliance requirements. </p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_bgq_cmg_xhc">
            <title>Can users customize the output DITA structure to match their organization's
                standards?</title>
            <p><b>Yes. metR supports custom content models, metadata structures, and DITA-OT
                    plugins.</b></p>
            <p>Organizations can align topic structures, attributes, and publishing rules with
                internal standards using custom mappings, plugins, and governance rules configured
                during onboarding or enterprise deployments.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
