<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="overview">
    <title>General Questions</title>
    <shortdesc>This section answers general questions about metR.</shortdesc>
    <prolog>
        <author>Yashshree</author>
        <critdates>
            <created date="2026-01-29+05:30"/>
            <revised modified="2026-01-29"/>
        </critdates>
        <metadata>
            <audience type="role" otherprops="technical-writers,content-architects,documentation-managers,product-teams,engineering-teams,enterprise-leaders"/>
            
            <keywords>
                <indexterm>what-is-metr</indexterm>
                <indexterm>who-is-metr-built-for</indexterm>
                <indexterm>how-does-metr-reduce-operational-risk</indexterm>
                <indexterm>how-is-metr-different-from-other-document-conversion-software-in-the-market</indexterm>
                <indexterm>how-does-converting-to-dita-make-information-more-accessible</indexterm>
                <indexterm>where-can-i-find-user-testimonials-or-case-studies-about-metrs-effectiveness</indexterm>
                <indexterm>what-problems-does-metr-solve</indexterm>
            </keywords>
            
            <prodinfo>
                <prodname>metR</prodname>
                <platform>web</platform>
                <component>docmigrate</component>
                <component>doceditor</component>
                <component>docmanager</component>
                <component>docpublisher</component>
                <component>ai-rag</component>
                <component>ai-retrieval</component>
                <component>ai-chatbot</component>  
                <component>content-analytics</component>
                <component>ai-analytics</component>
                <component>portal</component>
                <component>content-delivery-platform</component>
            </prodinfo>
            
            <othermeta name="title" content="Overview"/>
            <othermeta name="shortdesc" content="Provides a high-level overview of the metR platform, its purpose, and the problems it is designed to solve."/>
            <othermeta name="language" content="en-GB"/>
            <othermeta name="version" content="1.0.0"/>
            <othermeta name="docStage" content="approved"/>
            <othermeta name="access.role" content="public"/>
            <othermeta name="data.classification" content="non-sensitive"/>
            <othermeta name="retention.policy" content="standard-36m"/>
            <othermeta name="entities" content="metR;content-transformation"/>
            <othermeta name="taxonomy" content="domain:platform-overview;usecase:product-introduction;industry:enterprise-software"/>
            <othermeta name="tags" content="overview,platform,introduction,metr"/>
            <othermeta name="usecase" content="platform-overview-faqs"/>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>
    <conbody>
        <section id="section_chq_f1q_yhc">
            <title>What is metR?</title>
            <p><b>metR turns scattered documents into structured, AI-ready knowledge you can
                    trust.</b></p>
            <p> Instead of just converting files from one format to another, metR transforms legacy
                content into clean, governed, reusable building blocks that scale across products,
                teams, and regions.</p>
            <p>The result is content that’s easier to manage, faster to publish, safer to audit, and
                immediately usable for modern AI initiatives like semantic search, RAG, and
                knowledge graphs.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ohr_l1q_yhc">
            <title>Who is metR built for?</title>
            <p><b>metR is built for organizations where content accuracy, speed, and compliance
                    directly impact revenue, risk, or reputation.</b></p>
            <p> That includes product-led companies, regulated enterprises, and platforms preparing
                documentation for AI-driven experiences.</p>
            <p>It aligns the needs of executives (risk and ROI), product leaders (speed to market),
                and content strategists (structure and reuse) in one unified system.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_npt_n1q_yhc">
            <title>How does metR reduce operational risk?</title>
            <p><b>metR makes content changes visible, traceable, and auditable.</b></p>
            <p> Every transformation preserves structure and meaning, with validation before content
                is reused or published.</p>
            <p>This dramatically reduces the risk of outdated instructions, inconsistent outputs, or
                untraceable changes—especially critical in regulated or high-impact
                environments.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ajb_clk_whc">
            <title>How is metR different from other document conversion software in the
                market?</title>
            <p><b>metR is not a typical document conversion tool. </b></p>
            <p>Instead of only changing file formats, it processes content in a way that preserves
                meaning, structure, and relationships. Documents are converted into structured,
                reusable components that are easier to find and manage, with appropriate review,
                validation, and governance applied before and after conversion.</p>
            <p>Once validated, this structured content can be used directly to support AI
                capabilities such as smart search, RAG systems, and knowledge graphs without
                extensive additional rework.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_vjf_frk_whc">
            <title>How does converting to DITA make information more accessible?</title>
            <p><b>DITA breaks large documents into small, structured topics with a clear
                    purpose.</b></p>
            <p>This makes information easier to find, reuse, update, and deliver consistently across
                different outputs and systems.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_ekj_krk_whc">
            <title>Where can I find user testimonials or case studies about metR's
                effectiveness?</title>
            <p><b>metR shares industry examples and use-case overviews in its documentation.</b></p>
            <p>Detailed case studies and customer references are available through demos, pilots, or
                direct engagement with the metR team. For more information, </p>
            <p base="ai-intent"><b><xref href="https://met-r.io/contact" format="html"
                        scope="external">Contact us</xref></b> or <b><xref
                        href="https://met-r.io/request-demo" format="html"
                        scope="external">book a demo</xref></b>, we’ll map a pilot with measurable
                success metrics.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
